Assignment 5 readme File

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Student 1: What is your name?

Anders Oja

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Student 2: What is your name?

Joey Forzani

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Student 1: What authorized sources of information did you use to
complete the assignment? COPY THE LIST of authorized sources of
information given in the "Policies" web page (also available on armlab
in the file ~cos217/AuthorizedSourcesList ) to this section of the
readme file, and edit it as appropriate.

The course's lectures.

The course's precepts.

The course's website.

Documents that are referenced directly by the course's website. 
Such documents include the course's lecture slides and precept handouts.

The course's textbooks and reference manuals.

The course's current staff members outside of class time through Ed.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Student 2: What authorized sources of information did you use to
complete the assignment? COPY THE LIST of authorized sources of
information given in the "Policies" web page (also available on armlab
in the file ~cos217/AuthorizedSourcesList ) to this section of the
readme file, and edit it as appropriate.

The course's lectures.

The course's precepts.

The course's website.

Documents that are referenced directly by the course's website. 
Such documents include the course's lecture slides and precept handouts.

The course's textbooks and reference manuals.

The course's current staff members outside of class time through Ed.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Student 1: What unauthorized sources of information did you use to
complete the assignment? List any unauthorized sources of information
that you used to complete the assignment, and describe how you used
them. The course "Policies" web page defines unauthorized sources of
information, and any source that you have used but not listed in the
authorized sources should be included here. Please note that using an
unauthorized source may trigger a course penalty, and depending on the
nature of the interaction, may additionally require the interaction
being reported to the Committee on Discipline. Write "None" if you used
no unauthorized sources of information.

None

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Student 2: What unauthorized sources of information did you use to
complete the assignment? List any unauthorized sources of information
that you used to complete the assignment, and describe how you used
them. The course "Policies" web page defines unauthorized sources of
information, and any source that you have used but not listed in the
authorized sources should be included here. Please note that using an
unauthorized source may trigger a course penalty, and depending on the
nature of the interaction, may additionally require the interaction
being reported to the Committee on Discipline. Write "None" if you used
no unauthorized sources of information.

None

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Student 1: What is your assessment of the assignment? Was it helpful?
Was it fun?

This was actually one of my favorite assignments of the semester. I 
thought that coding in Assembly wasn't quite as stressful as coding 
in a higher-level language. While it was not necessarily fun, I do think
it was a good introduction to coding in assembly and I think that I
learned a great deal from it.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Student 2: What is your assessment of the assignment? Was it helpful?
Was it fun?

I thought the assignment was definetly helpful and overall fairly fun.
I felt that I learned quite a bit about assembly langauge and 
optimization and enjoyed trying to beat the compiler and come up with 
faster methods and functions. 


------------------------------------------------------------------------
(optional) What information can you provide about your submission that
will help your grader to grade it in the most favorable light? In
particular, what bugs are in your submission?



------------------------------------------------------------------------
What is your mywc program test plan?

Boundary tests:

mywcBoundary0.txt: Empty file. Tests an output of 0 characters, lines, 
or words. 

mywcBoundary1.txt: Single character 'a'. Tests an output of 1 character, 
1 word, and 0 lines. 

mywcBoundary2.txt: Only a few newlines. Tests an output of 0 words, and 
as many characters as lines. 

mywcBoundary3.txt: A line of all spaces. Tests an output of 0 lines and
words, and a some characters.

Statement tests:

mywcStatement0.txt: Contains an 'a' and a ' ' and so causes the computer
to execute all lines except line 45 and line 51.

mywcStatement1.txt: Contains a '\n' and an 'a' and so causes the 
computer to execute all lines except 36 and 37.

Stress tests:

mywcStress0.txt: contains 48,000 random readable ASCII characters 
created with a C program. Tests if our program can manage huge amounts
of random character input. 

mywcStress1.txt: contains 48,000 random readable ASCII characters 
created with a C program. Tests if our program can manage huge amounts
of random character input for a second time. 

------------------------------------------------------------------------
What are the CPU times consumed by the programs from Parts 2a, 2b, 2d,
2e, and 2f to compute fib(250000) on armlab? Fill in the blanks.

Part 2a:  11.956947 seconds

Part 2b:  2.633219 seconds

Part 2d:  10.541088 seconds

Part 2e:  4.146129 seconds

Part 2f:  1.829735 seconds
